[release] v7.29.12 (#20453)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 7.29.12

_Nov 26, 2025_

> We'd like to extend a big thank you to the 1 contributor who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

Author: ```suggestion
We'd like to extend a big thank you to the 2 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:
```

- 🐞 Bugfixes

Following are all team members who have contributed to this release:
@arminmeh

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@7.29.12`

> - [DataGrid] Avoid automatic scroll back to the focused element after it leaves the viewport (#20417) @arminmeh

Author: ```suggestion
- [DataGrid] Avoid automatic scroll back to the focused element after it leaves the viewport (#20417) @arminmeh
- [DataGrid] Fix missing rows in the print export window (#20157) @m2mathew
```
